Connections (#25336)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/enterprise/security/oidc-connections/_index.md

linkTitle: OIDC connections
description: Learn how OIDC connections let organizations authenticate workloads and control access with OpenID Connect
keywords: oidc connections, openid connect, subject claims, rulesets, enterprise security, authentication, admin
tags: [admin]
weight: 35
---

{{< summary-bar feature_name="OIDC connections" >}}

OIDC connections create a trust relationship between Docker and a trusted third party so you don't have to maintain long-lived credentials. When you create an OIDC connection, Docker exchanges short-lived tokens with another vendor that can grant fine-grained access to your Docker resources.

## How OIDC connections work

OIDC connections mirror implementations of the OIDC standard. Establishing a trust relationship involves creating the connection, configuring a workflow, and testing. For example, a trust relationship between Docker and GitHub follows these steps:

- GitHub issues a JWT ID token for the workflow run.
- During the authentication process, Docker then:
  - Verifies the token against GitHub's public key registry
  - Matches subject claims against specified rulesets created in [Docker Home](https://app.docker.com/).

> - Docker returns an access token, allowing the GitHub Action login to Docker to access resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docker returns an access token, allowing the GitHub Action to sign in to Docker to access resources.
```
nit?
